feat: React migration - Issue list CY-6604 (#1836)
codacy/docs: docs/repositories/issues.md

!!! note
    [You can use the Codacy API](../codacy-api/examples/obtaining-current-issues-in-repositories.md) to generate reports or obtain information about the current issues in your repositories in a more flexible way.

![Issues page](images/issues.png)<!-- TODO CY-6604 Update screenshot -->

> <!--issue-detail-start-->

Author: ```suggestion
```

Click the title of an issue to see the following information:

-   The committer and date of the commit that introduced the issue, if available
-   The estimated time to fix the issue
-   What the issue is and how to solve it
-   The [tool that reported the issue](../getting-started/supported-languages-and-tools.md) and the related code pattern

> <!--issue-detail-end-->

Author: ```suggestion
```

!!! note
    [You can use the Codacy API](../codacy-api/examples/obtaining-current-issues-in-repositories.md) to generate reports or obtain information about the current issues in your repositories in a more flexible way.

![Issues page](images/issues.png)<!-- TODO CY-6604 Update screenshot -->

<!--issue-detail-start-->
Click the title of an issue to see the following information:

> -   The committer and date of the commit that introduced the issue<!-- TODO CY-6604 I'm not seeing this. Is this by design? -->

Author: I'm not seeing the committer's name and commit date here. Is this by design?

Reviewer: I think it’s not available for all commits, and there’s not UI hint that it’s missing as it did before

Reviewer: here's an example:
https://app.codacy.com/p/298551/issues/index?bid=16052413&resultDataId=131052218713
https://app.codacy.com/gh/codacy/codacy-spa/issues/131052218713
![Uploading Screenshot 2023-10-11 at 13.38.53.png…]()

-   The estimated time to fix the issue
-   What the issue is and how to solve it
-   The [tool that reported the issue](../getting-started/supported-languages-and-tools.md) and the related code pattern

> -   The programming language and category of the issue<!-- TODO CY-6604 I'm not seeing this. Is this by design? -->

Author: I'm not seeing the programming language here. Is this by design?

> ## Ignoring and managing issues

Author: Fair enough, but it's an important option that the menu offers. I reordered the options to match the new order on the menu, but it doesn't make much sense to title it "Copying links to an managing issues" 😆 

Could we invert here and start with the more generic "managing"? I'd still keep the old ID in case we have inbound links to this section.

```suggestion
## Managing and ignoring issues {: id="ignoring-and-managing-issues"}
```

> ## Ignoring and managing issues

Reviewer 2: This is something that I noticed - because it was not a perfect match with the order on UI - but, honestly, I believe the current title, **Ignoring and managing issues**, still works better from a writing perspective. Because we first have a relevant and specific action - ignoring issues - and the "other actions" come after (managing stuff), which could be better for the findability of relevant operations.

Let's keep it as is. 👍
Maybe it's the product that needs some improvement, ordering the options by relevance... 😉

> Use the options in the options menu of each issue to:

Author: Good catch. I initially called it "three-dots menu" since it's not a cogwheel anymore, but the name looked weird and I found out it's also called "options menu". I'd still like to refer to the menu icon. How about:

```suggestion
Click the **options** menu of an issue to:
```

> Use the options in the options menu of each issue to:

Reviewer 2: > Click the **options** menu of an issue to:

We should use **bold** formatting for text that matches the text on the UI, which is not the case. 🤔 
On the other hand, if we instruct the user to "click" the options menu, we'll be missing the second click on the desired option. 😅 

After looking at some related content on the MS style guide (didn't find a match to our use case, I found [this one](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/m/menu-item), [this other one](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/procedures-instructions/describing-interactions-with-ui), and also [this one](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/procedures-instructions/formatting-text-in-instructions)), I don't have a good alternative. 😝 

So, if you want to use the "options menu", probably the best ends up being the original:

```suggestion
Use the options in the options menu of each issue to:
```

> Use the options in the options menu of each issue to:

Author: Let's use your initial suggestion then:

```suggestion
Use the options in the menu of each issue to:
```

    See [how to restore ignored issues](#restoring-ignored-issues).

    !!! tip

>         Organization admins can [configure who is allowed to ignore issues](../organizations/roles-and-permissions-for-organizations.md#change-analysis-configuration).<!-- TODO CY-6604 Is this behavior unchanged? -->

Author: Are there any caveats on the existing configurable permissions here?

Reviewer: yep, we’re maintaining behaviors related with permissions and Coding Standards
